'60s TV
What is Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In? Show that gave us the catch phrases "You bet your bippy" & "Here come de judge"
Who is Ben Casey?Dr. Kildare & this Vince Edwards doctor began practicing on TV in 1961 & both left in 1966
Who is Batman? '60s series that used a bookshelf to open a secret panel:
What is the The Dick Van Dyke Show? As producer, Carl Reiner picked up an Emmy for this Outstanding Comedy Series of 1965-66
Who is Dean Martin? This singer's summer replacement show was "The Golddiggers"

"A" PLUS
What is Afghanistan? Iran & Pakistan both border this nation
Who is Scott Adams? When he launched the comic strip "Dilbert" in 1989, this man was an engineer working for Pacific Bell
What are avalanches? In February 1999 several of these killed 38 people in the Austrian towns of Galtur & Valzur
What is an amphitheatre?From Greek words meaning "to watch from both sides", it's a large open arena for public entertainments
What is amber? It's the color mentioned in the second line of "America the Beautiful"

"B" MOVIES
What is Breakfast at Tiffany's? In '61 movie, Audrey Hepburn's alternative to brunch in bed
What is The Birdman of Alcatraz? Burt Lancaster film in which his only friends were feathered
What is Being There? Poignant movie in which Peter Sellers turned on the TV & tuned out the world
What is Baby Doll? This title describes Carroll Baker's thumb-sucking character & nightie she wore
What is The Boys in the Band? Sensitive Mart Crowley treatment of gays marching to a different drummer

"C" FOOD
What is caviar? To get this roe, wade in the Caspian Sea & visit a sturgeon
What is crayfish? Cajun popcorn is made from the tails of these crustaceans
What is coho (salmon)? It's also called silver salmon
What is cherrystone? It's the name for the medium-size clams that come between littleneck & chowder clams
What is cioppino?San Francisco's Italian immigrants are credited with creating this fish stew with tomatoes, wine & spices

"FOR" WORDS
What is the forest? In a common saying, it's what some people can't see for the trees
What is forfeit? A college team might have to do this for games played with ineligible team members
What is forceps? Jewelers as well as surgeons use this tool for grasping & holding
What is a a fortune cookie? Usually it's the last thing you're served in a Chinese restaurant
What is fortified? This word on the label signifies that vitamins have been added to milk

"E"ASY DOES IT
What is extraterrestrial? Carl Sagan pioneered & promoted SETI, the search for this kind of intelligence
What is an an executor? One who implements a will
What is an the Enterprise? Trekkies might know that F-14A Tomcats were first assigned to this aircraft carrier in 1974
What is (Ole) Evinrude? Born in Norway, he patented the first practical outboard motor for boats
What is embouchure? The mouthpiece of a wind instrument
