Zoology
What are claws? These cheetah features are not retractile, unlike those of other big cats
What is the sloth bear? Of the ant bear, the sloth bear or the koala bear, the only one that really belongs to the bear family
What are feathers? This term for the hair below a Clydesdale's knees is the same as the word for a bird's plumage
What are Bactrian camels? Some of these two-humped camels still roam the Gobi Desert
What are eggs? A turtle's can be elongated or spherical, & turtles usually bury them in sand, mud or rotting plants

90s Sitcoms 
What is The Drew Carey Show? The pals in this sitcom hang out & down a few brews at Cleveland's Warsaw Tavern
What is Frasier? Guest telephone callers to KACL in this sitcom have included Mel Brooks, Randy Travis & Jane Pauley
What is Home Improvement? Viewers finally got to see Wilson's face when the cast took their bows on this sitcom's last episode
What is Caroline in the City? This NBC series was named for the autobiographical comic strip written by its perky heroine
What is J. Peterman? On "Seinfeld", it's the catalog company for which Elaine worked as a copywriter

BOO!
What are booties? Soft woolen shoes for a baby
What is a bootleg? An illegally made product, especially a musical recording
What is a boobytrap? A hidden explosive device, it sounds like a snare for a tropical seabird
What is a boondoggle? A government project of little value funded to gain political favor
What is a boojum? According to Lewis Carroll, the snark was one of these, you see

Love Songs 
What is "What's love got to do with it"? In her first No. 1 solo hit, Tina Turner asked this title question
What is "Addicted to Love"? Song heard here, it's also the title of a 1997 film:
What is "I will always love you"? In 1992 Whitney Houston had a hit with this Dolly Parton song
What is "Hello, I love you"? Hi there -- it was the Doors' last No. 1 hit
What is "Love me tender"? In this title song from Elvis' first movie, The King declares "You have made my life complete, and I love you so"

M.J.
Who is Michael Jordan? He led the Bulls to 6 NBA championships in the '90s
Who is Milla Jovovich? She was the lead actress in "The Fifth Element" & "Resident Evil"
Who is Micheal Johnson? In the 2000 Olympics, this American repeated as 400-meter champ but didn't break his Olympic record set in 1996
Who is Mother Jones? A founder of the Industrial Workers of the World, she used the slogan "Join the union, boys"
Who is Magic Johnson? He led the Lakers to 5 NBA Championships in the '80s

"UP" Words 
What is an upgrade? A move from coach to first class
What is Weekend Update? Breaking news from Seth Meyers
What is uptown? Manhattan north of 59th street
What is Uppsala? This city is home to Sweden's oldest university
What is upload? Moving files to from your computer to the Internet
